# <center> Azure China Marketplace Service Provider Agreement </center>

Last updated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ 2017

Thank you for your interest in publishing Offering through the
marketplace on Microsoft Azure operated by 21Vianet (hereinafter
referred to as "Azure China Marketplace"). This Azure China Marketplace
Service Provider Agreement ("Agreement") describes the relationship
between you and 21Vianet ("we" or "us") and governs your publication of
any Offering (as defined below) within the Azure China Marketplace and
Azure Portal (collectively, "Azure Marketplace" or the "Marketplace").

By clicking to accept and/or by submitting an Offering to Azure China
Marketplace for publication in the Marketplace, you represent and
warrant to us that you have the authority to accept this Agreement, and
you agree to be bound by its terms.

### SECTION 1 Definitions.

(a) "21Vianet" or "we" means Shanghai Blue Cloud Technology Co., Ltd, a
    wholly owned subsidiary of Beijing 21Vianet Broadband Data Center
    Co., Ltd., the entity that operates, sells and provides "Microsoft
    Azure operated by 21Vianet" independently in China based on the
    Azure technology licensed from Microsoft (China) Co., Ltd. and its
    Affiliates ("Microsoft")

(b) "Affiliate" means any legal entity that owns, is owned by, or is
    commonly owned with a party. "Own" means more than 50% ownership or
    the right to direct the management of the entity.

(c) "Bring-Your-Own-License (BYOL) Offering" means an Offering for which
    Customers have obtained outside of the Marketplace the right to
    access or use the Offering.

(d) "Customer" means any customer or end user of "Microsoft Azure
    operated by 21Vianet" who acquires, makes use of, or otherwise views
    an Offering published through the Marketplace.

(e) "Customer Data" means all data, including all text, sound, video, or
    image files, and software that are provided to you by, or on behalf
    of, Customers through their use of your Offerings.

(f) "Customer Information" means any information that you collect
    through the Marketplace or that we provide to you, in our
    discretion, about Customers who have accessed your Offerings,
    including contact information or, with respect to your Offerings or
    usage information.

(g) (h) "Listing Information" means the information and images
    accompanying an Offering that identify the nature, volume, Terms of
    Use, and other features of the Offering, as specified by you in
    connection with your request to publish the Offering or otherwise.

(i) "Azure China Marketplace" means a limited repository of links to
    Offerings published by various third-party service providers
    available through the Azure China Marketplace through which
    Offerings are published subject to this Agreement. Customers may
    access the Marketplace via a web-based management portal, Azure
    APIs, or other mechanisms made available by 21Vianet.

(j) "Marketplace Participation Policies" means the business policies and
    requirements for publishing in the Marketplace, as set forth at main
    menu or service provider web of <http://market-publish.azure.cn>.

(k) "Marketplace Publication Technical Guidelines" means the
    documentation by which we provide technical instructions and
    baseline requirements to service providers to assist them in
    creating, testing, and publishing Offerings within the Marketplace,
    as set forth at technical support section of
    <http://market-publish.azure.cn>.

(l) "Microsoft Azure" or "Azure", for the purposes of this Agreement,
    means "Microsoft Azure operated by 21Vianet".

(m) "Offering" means any image, software, data, media, or service
    published or proposed to be published in the Marketplace under this
    Agreement, and includes, without limitation, the Offering categories
    described in the Marketplace Participation Policies. Additional
    terms applicable to specific categories of Offerings are set forth
    in Exhibit A.

(n) "Offering Contents" means all data, software, and services included
    within, installable by, or otherwise associated with an Offering.
    Offering Contents include, without limitation, all operating system
    and application software associated with an Offering, not including
    any 21Vianet and/or Microsoft software products, irrespective of
    whether you are the owner of such software.

(o) "Privacy Statement" means a privacy statement that describes your
    practices regarding collection and use of Customer Data and Customer
    Information, as specified in the Listing Information associated with
    your Offering.

(p) "Publishing Portal" means the web portal available after click
    service provider entry of <http://market-publish.azure.cn>, or at an
    alternate site that we identify, through which service providers may
    submit Offerings for approval and publication within the Marketplace
    and access information and receive communications from 21Vianet
    relating to the Marketplace.

(q) "Azure Portal" means the web portal available after Azure client's
    log-in for pre-allocation and management of Azure resources, i.e.,
    <https://portal.azure.cn>.

(r) "Terms of Use" means the legal terms under which you grant Customers
    the right to use or access your Offering, as well as all Offering
    Contents associated therewith, as specified in the Listing
    Information associated with your Offering.

All other capitalized terms that are not defined in this Section 1 shall
have the meanings assigned in the text of this Agreement.

### SECTION 2 Service Provider Account.

To submit certain types of Offerings to the Marketplace, we may require
you to create a Service Provider Account through the Publishing Portal.
We may verify information you submit when you set up your Service
Provider Account. We may use the contact information you provide in
connection with your Service Provider Account to send you newsletters
and information regarding events, contests, promotions, and the like.
Your Service Provider Account is only for your use, and you are
responsible for all activity that takes place within your Service
Provider Account. If you fail to keep your Service Provider Account in
good standing (for example, providing incorrect or outdated information,
engaging in dishonest or fraudulent activity, or repeatedly submitting
Offerings that violate this Agreement, abuse the Marketplace service, or
interfere with any other party's use of the Marketplace) we may revoke
your Service Provider Account, remove your Offerings from the
Marketplace, delete Offering ratings and reviews, retain associated
Account Fees (if any), and pursue any other remedies available to us.
The Virtual Machine Images and ARM Templates published by Service
Provider Account will be displayed in the Azure China Marketplace and
Azure Portal; while the Customized Services (Solutions) will only be
displayed in the Azure China Marketplace.

### SECTION 3 Submission, Approval, and Publication of Offerings.

(a) Submission Process. You must submit a request for each Offering that
    you wish to publish in the Marketplace. We may approve or reject any
    proposed Offering in our sole discretion, and may condition our
    approval on your making modifications to the Offering or its Listing
    Information. You are responsible for ensuring that the Listing
    Information associated with your Offering is accurate and does not
    violate third parties' intellectual property rights, including
    third-party rights in trademarks or icons. We may require you to
    provide us with one or more Offering prototypes or to subject an
    Offering to testing prior to our approving it for publication.
    Following our approval of an Offering, you may publish the Offering
    in the Marketplace, subject to the terms and conditions of this
    Agreement, the Listing Information provided with your request, and
    your compliance with the Marketplace Participation Policies and
    Marketplace Publication Technical Guidelines. You may not publish
    any Offering in the Marketplace unless we approve it in accordance
    with this Section 3(a).

(b) Publication Process. The Marketplace Publication Technical
    Guidelines provide technical information about how different types
    of Offerings may be published in the Marketplace. As between you and
    21Vianet, you are solely responsible for making your Offerings
    available to Customers.

(c) Presentation of Offerings. We reserve the right to determine the
    manner in which all Offerings, whether published by you or others,
    are presented and promoted in the Marketplace. We may display your
    Listing Information in connection with your Offering, as well as
    other information designed to inform Customers that the Offering is
    provided by you, what content is included within the Offering, the
    life-cycle of any software in the Offering, support options with
    respect to the Offering, and how Customers can obtain and use the
    Offering with Azure.

(d) Terms for Service Provider Marks. During the term of this Agreement
    you hereby grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, personal license
    to display your trademarks and logos ("Service Provider Marks"), as
    provided to us through the Publishing Portal or otherwise, in
    connection with the marketing and promotion of your Offerings or the
    Marketplace. You are the owner and/or authorized licensor of the
    Service Provider Marks. As between the parties, all goodwill
    associated with the Service Provider Marks shall inure to your
    benefit. We may reformat or resize Service Provider Marks as
    necessary and without altering the overall appearance of the Service
    Provider Marks. You may notify us at any time if you believe that we
    are misusing your Service Provider Marks, and we will correct such
    use within a reasonable time.

### SECTION 4 Licensing of Offerings and Support.

(a) Licensing of Offerings. You are responsible for licensing or
    otherwise granting rights to your Offerings, including all Offering
    Contents associated therewith, to Customers. Such licenses and
    grants will be between you and Customers and will not create any
    obligations or responsibilities of any kind for 21Vianet. With
    respect to the web-based management portal experience for the
    Marketplace, use of your Offerings shall be conditioned upon a
    "click to agree" acceptance of your Terms of Use and Privacy
    Statement by Customers. 21Vianet may also enable Customers to access
    Offerings through Marketplace APIs. You acknowledge that 21Vianet
    grants no rights or license to your Offerings through the operation
    of the Marketplace or through enabling you to provide your Offerings
    through the Marketplace.

(b) Support. You are responsible for supporting your Offerings. You will
    ensure that any support options described in your Listing
    Information remain available to Customers for as long as the
    relevant Offering is available in the Marketplace or is otherwise
    provided to Customers during any Wind-Down Period. For each Offering
    that you publish in the Marketplace, you must make support available
    to Customers, either as offered for free, or as a support offering
    that may be separately purchased outside of the Marketplace. You
    must provide commercially reasonable support to Customers for
    inquiries related to deployment of Offerings via the Marketplace.
    You must make technical support contacts available to 21Vianet via
    e-mail and telephone for notification in the event that there are
    any technical problems with any Offering. If we contact you
    regarding a problem that requires your support, you must respond
    promptly and provide a resolution within a commercially reasonable
    period of time. You agree to work with us to identify or isolate
    root cause issues and fixes in necessary scenarios. Our sole
    obligation with respect to customer service for any Offering is to
    make your customer service contact information reasonably available
    to Customers. We reserve the right to require Customers to purchase
    Azure support plans before we will provide any support to Customers
    related to the Azure services, including root cause analysis. You
    will ensure that the contact information you provide in the
    Publishing Portal and in the Listing Information associated with
    each Offering remains accurate and current.

### SECTION 5 Privacy.

(a) Use of Customer Information and Customer Data. You may use Customer
    Data only to provide your Offering. You may use Customer Information
    to provide your Offering, to contact Customers to the extent
    permitted in Section 5(c), to prevent fraud, to provide support, or
    to perform statistical analysis. You may not use Customer Data or
    Customer Information for any other purposes unless you obtain
    permission from Customers for such other purposes in your Privacy
    Statement or otherwise.

(b) Privacy Statement. Your Privacy Statement must (i) comply with
    applicable laws and regulations; (ii) inform Customers about any
    Customer Data or Customer Information that you collect and how that
    information is used, stored, secured, and disclosed; and (iii)
    describe the controls that Customers have over the use and sharing
    of their Customer Data and Customer Information and how they may
    access their data and information. Our privacy policies apply solely
    to Customers' use of Azure services and will not apply to Customers'
    use of any third-party Offering. If a Service Offering (as defined
    in the Marketplace Participation Policies) is hosted, or if an
    Offering includes hosted components, you must indicate all countries
    in which the service may be hosted and where any Customer Data may
    be stored. This information must be made available in your Privacy
    Statement and your Listing Information to enable Customers to
    determine how to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or
    policies governing the use and transfer of their data.

(c) Communications with Customers. You may use Customer Information to
    contact Customers for Transactional Purposes only. You may not
    contact any Customer for Promotional Purposes unless the Customer
    has provided affirmative, opt-in consent to receive such
    communications from you. This section does not restrict you from
    using other Customer contact information that you acquire
    independently outside of the Marketplace for any purpose, even if
    that information is identical to the Customer Information we provide
    to you or that you obtain through the Marketplace, provided that you
    do not target communications on the basis of the intended recipient
    being an Azure customer. "Transactional Purposes" encompasses
    communications directly related to the provision or operation of
    your Offering and includes communications about support for your
    Offering, service downtime, changes to your Terms of Use, and
    notification or delivery of invoices. "Promotional Purposes"
    encompasses communications related to offering or advertising
    products or services, feedback requests, links to training or other
    resources, and any other communications that are not solely for
    Transactional Purposes. Your communications with Customers must
    comply with all applicable laws.

### SECTION 6 Appointment of 21Vianet.

 The Marketplace is a forum through which Offerings are made available
 by service providers. 21Vianet's role is to provide the technology and
 services to enable this forum for you. You appoint 21Vianet to act as
 your agent or commissionaire, as applicable, for these purposes, and
 you acknowledge that you, not 21Vianet, are the provider, and licensor
 of your Offerings to Customers.

### SECTION 7 Removal and Termination of Offerings.

(a) Removal of Offerings. Removal of an Offering will result in the Offering no longer being visible in the Marketplace or available for additional Customers to deploy. However, Customers that have already deployed the Offering before it is removed from the Marketplace will be able to continue to use the Offering to the same extent as prior to removal.

-  Removal by Service Provider. You may request removal of an Offering from the Marketplace by sending a request pursuant to Section 12(b). We will remove your Offering from the Marketplace within 30 days of your request.

-  Removal by 21Vianet. We reserve the right to remove or suspend the availability of any Offering from the Marketplace for any reason or no reason. Reasons may include, without limitation, (A) your breach of the terms of this Agreement, which includes the Marketplace Participation Policies, the Marketplace Publication Technical Guidelines; (B) inconsistency between your Offering and its Listing Information; (C) an assertion or claim that your Offering infringes the intellectual property rights of a third party; (D) complaints about the content or quality of your Offering; or (E) failure to provide adequate support to Customers or to 21Vianet in accordance with this Agreement.

(b) Termination of Offerings.

  -  Termination of an Offering means that we will notify existing
        Customers that the Offering has been terminated and may no
        longer be used after a specific termination date for any
        continued use of the Offering after the termination date. You
        agree that we will have no responsibility or liability for
        Customers' unauthorized use of your Offering after the
        termination date.

  -  If an Offering is terminated, existing customers will be able to
        continue to use the Offering for 90 days or until expiration of
        the term of the Customer's subscription to your Offering,
        whichever is longer ("Wind-Down Period"). You must continue to
        provide any services that are part of your Offering to each
        existing Customer during that Customer's Wind-Down Period.

  -  Except in cases where termination is legally required or is
        otherwise necessitated by compelling circumstances, such as
        fraud or a claim of intellectual property infringement, we will
        not terminate any Offering prior to completion of its Wind-Down
        Period, and we will not terminate any non-Service Offering
        during the term of this Agreement.

### SECTION 8 Confidentiality and Data Protection.

(a) Confidentiality. We will each comply with the terms of any
    nondisclosure agreement currently in force between us. If no such
    agreement exists, the recipient of Confidential Information under
    this Agreement will hold such information in confidence, and will
    not use or disclose any of the information to a third party, except
    contractors who are performing on the receiving party's behalf and
    only subject to confidentiality terms at least as protective as this
    section. "Confidential Information" means all information that a
    party designates as confidential or a reasonable person knows or
    reasonably should understand to be confidential. Confidential
    Information does not include information that is or becomes known to
    the receiving party without a breach of this agreement or any other
    confidentiality obligation owed to a disclosing party. This section
    does not prohibit either party from responding to lawful requests
    from law enforcement authorities.

(b) Data Protection. Each party will comply with all applicable data
    protection and privacy legislation in connection with its
    performance hereunder.

### SECTION 9 Warranties. You represent, warrant, and undertake to 21Vianet
that:

(a) You have obtained any and all consents, approvals, and licenses
    (including written consents of third parties where applicable)
    required for you to make your Offerings available in the
    Marketplace;

(b) Our exercise of the rights granted by you under this Agreement will
    not obligate us or our Affiliates, licensors, or suppliers to pay
    you or any third party any amounts;

(c) Information that you provide to us under or in connection with this
    Agreement is true, accurate, current, and complete; and

(d) In carrying out your obligations set forth in this Agreement, you
    are in compliance with all applicable laws, including privacy laws.

### SECTION 10 Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, and Defense of Claims.

(a) DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. AS TO SERVICE PROVIDERS AND THEIR OFFERINGS,
    WE PROVIDE THE AZURE SERVICES AND THE MARKETPLACE \"AS-IS,\" \"WITH
    ALL FAULTS,\" AND \"AS AVAILABLE.\" YOU BEAR THE RISK OF PUBLISHING
    YOUR OFFERINGS THROUGH THE MARKETPLACE FOR USE BY CUSTOMERS. TO THE
    EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING THOSE OF PRODUCT LIABILITY,
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE
    EFFORT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT RELATING TO THE AZURE SERVICES AND THE
    MARKETPLACE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
    ANY WARRANTIES THAT ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE AZURE SERVICES OR THE
    MARKETPLACE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.

(b) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 10(D), EACH
    PARTY'S AND ITS AFFILIATES', LICENSORS' AND/OR SUPPLIERS' LIABILITY
    UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO \$5,000.
    EACH PARTY AGREES NOT TO SEEK, AND EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY WAIVES, ANY
    RIGHT TO RECOVER ANY OTHER LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
    LIMITATION LOST PROFITS OR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
    PUNITIVE, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. THESE LIMITS AND EXCLUSIONS APPLY
    EVEN IF THE PARTY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF
    SUCH DAMAGES.

(c) Scope. For clarity, the disclaimer and limitation of liability
    provisions in this Section 10 pertain to you solely in your capacity
    as a service provider in the Marketplace. Neither the foregoing
    provisions nor any other provisions in this Agreement are intended
    to apply to your use of any Azure services in your capacity as an
    Azure customer, if applicable.

(d) Duty to Defend. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless
    us, our Affiliates and our licensors and suppliers, as applicable,
    from and against (including by paying any associated costs, losses,
    damages, expenses, and attorneys' fees) any and all third-party
    claims:

  -  alleging that your Offering or Listing Information infringes any
        proprietary or personal right of a third party;

  -  arising from any dispute between you and a Customer relating to
        your Offering; or

  -  based on your failure to collect, remit, or report any sales,
        use, goods and services, value added, or other similar tax that
        you are obligated to collect, remit, or report, including any
        associated penalties and interest.

We will (A) notify you promptly in writing of the claim, provided that our failure to notify you will not relieve you of any liability except to the extent that such failure materially prejudices your legal rights; and (B) at your reasonable request, provide you with reasonable assistance in defending the claim. You agree to reimburse us, our Affiliates and licensors and suppliers, as applicable, for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in providing such assistance. You may not make any settlement or compromise of a claim, or admit or stipulate any fault or liability on the part of us, our Affiliates or licensors and/or suppliers with respect to any claim covered by this section without the express, prior written consent from us, our Affiliates or licensors and/or suppliers (as applicable).

### SECTION 11 Term and Termination.

(a) General. This Agreement will remain in effect until terminated.
    Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time, for any
    reason or no reason, upon 30 days' written notice.

(b) Effect of Termination. Within 30 days of either party's notice of
    termination, we will remove all of your Offerings from the
    Marketplace and terminate each Paid Offering, subject to any
    applicable Wind-Down Periods as specified in Section 7(b)(ii). We
    reserve the right to remove and/or terminate your Offerings on an
    expedited basis if we terminate this Agreement for material breach.
    Sections of this Agreement that, by their terms, require performance
    or establish rights or protections after the termination or
    expiration of this Agreement will survive.

### SECTION 12 Miscellaneous.

(a) Affiliates. We may perform certain of our obligations under this
    Agreement through one or more Affiliates. We may also appoint one or
    more of our Affiliates to act as our agents in different regions.

(b) Reservation of Rights. Except as expressly provided, nothing in this
    Agreement transfers, conveys, or grants any right, title, or
    interest in any software or other materials exchanged by the
    parties. Each party reserves all rights not expressly granted.

(c) No Exclusivity. Each party acknowledges and agrees that the rights
    granted to and obligations due to the other party in this Agreement
    are intended to be non-exclusive and therefore that nothing in this
    Agreement will be deemed or construed to prohibit either party from
    engaging in or participating itself or with one or more third
    parties in business arrangements similar to or competitive with
    those described herein.

(d) Jurisdiction and Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by
    the laws of the People Republic of China. Any dispute or claim
    arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement,
    or the breach termination or invalidity hereof (including the
    validity, scope and enforceability of this Section) will be
    submitted to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration
    Commission ("CIETAC") for arbitration, which arbitration shall be
    conducted in Beijing in accordance with the CIETAC\'s arbitration
    rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration. The
    arbitral award will be final and binding upon both parties. This
    Section, however, will not prevent either party from seeking
    injunctive relief in the appropriate jurisdiction for any (i)
    violation of that party's intellectual property rights, (ii) breach
    of confidentiality obligations owed to that party under this
    Agreement, or (iii) enforcement or recognition of any award or order
    in any appropriate jurisdiction.

(e) Costs. Each party is solely responsible for all costs and expenses
    incurred by it in connection with its performance of this Agreement.

(f) Responding to Claims. If we receive a claim from a third party
    requesting that your Offering be changed or removed, we may refer
    that claim to you. You must comply with the notice as soon as
    reasonably practicable. If you discover that your Offering violates
    the terms of this Agreement, you must immediately notify us and work
    with us to cure the violation.

(g) Waiver. Either party's delay or failure to exercise any right or
    remedy will not result in a waiver of that or any other right or
    remedy.

(h) Severability. If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that
    any provision of this Agreement is illegal, invalid, or
    unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force
    and effect.

(i) Assignment. Neither party may assign this Agreement (or any rights
    or duties under it) without the other party's prior written consent,
    provided that either party may assign this Agreement without the
    other party's consent (i) to an Affiliate, or (ii) in connection
    with a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of
    its assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that our
    right to continue providing the Azure services ends, we may assign
    this agreement to another entity with forty-five (45) days' notice
    to you. Either party who assigns this Agreement as permitted in this
    Section 12(j) shall provide the other party with prompt notice of
    such assignment. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be
    binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their
    permitted successors and assigns.

(j) Subcontractors. We may sublicense our rights under this Agreement to
    third parties or otherwise authorize third parties to assist us in
    performing our obligations or exercising our rights under this
    Agreement. We will, subject to the terms of this Agreement, be
    responsible for the performance of such third parties.

(k) Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for failure to perform
    any obligation under this Agreement to the extent such failure is
    caused by a force majeure event, including acts of God, natural
    disasters, war, civil disturbance, action by governmental entity,
    strike, or other causes beyond the reasonable control of the party
    seeking recourse under this Section 12(k). The party affected by the
    force majeure event will provide notice to the other party within a
    commercially reasonable time and will use reasonable efforts to
    resume performance. Obligations not performed due to a force majeure
    event will be performed as soon as reasonably possible when the
    force majeure event ends. Lack of funds will not constitute an event
    of force majeure.

(l) Relationship of Parties. Neither this Agreement, nor any terms and
    conditions contained herein, create a partnership, joint venture,
    employment relationship, or franchise relationship.

(m) Updates. We may update this Agreement from time to time. If we
    update this Agreement, we will indicate the last date on which the
    Agreement was modified at the top of the Agreement and provide you
    with 30 days' notice prior to the effective date of the updated
    version of the Agreement. By continuing to make Offerings available
    in the Marketplace after such notice period, you agree to be bound
    by the terms and conditions contained in the updated Agreement. The
    foregoing notice period will not apply to updates to the Marketplace
    Publication Technical Guidelines, or the Marketplace Participation
    Policies, which we may update at any time. In the event of a
    conflict between the terms of this document and the terms of the
    Marketplace Publication Technical Guidelines, or the Marketplace
    Participation Policies, this document will control.

(n) Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including its Exhibits)
    constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to
    the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and
    contemporaneous communications.

</br></br></br></br></br></br></br>



<center>　[EXHIBIT A]　</center>

<center> Terms Applicable to Specific Categories of Offerings </center>

### SECTION 1 Virtual Machine Images ("Images").

Base Images. If you base any Image Offering on any other service
provider Image available in the Marketplace (a "Base Image"), you are
responsible for obtaining any necessary permissions from the owner
and/or service provider of the Base Image prior to publishing your Image
Offering.

### SECTION 2 Customized Services (Solutions).

Solutions that are provided to solve certain IT problems, which are
common in specific industry, based on Azure software or soft hardware.
These are for reference and consultation by business analysts,
development, operation and maintenance personnel or IT professionals.
Customer may contact service provider to request for Customized Services
based on its own needs and scenarios.

### SECTION 3 ARM Templates.

If you publish an ARM Template that references another service
provider's Offering (a "Third-Party Offering"), you may not represent
yourself as the service provider of the Third-Party Offering. You also
acknowledge and agree that other service providers may reference your
Offerings in their ARM Templates in a manner consistent with this
Agreement. Notwithstanding any inclusion of your Offering in another
service provider's ARM Template, you will remain the service provider of
your Offering for all Customer deployments of the ARM Template, your
Terms of Use and Privacy Statement will continue to govern your
relationship with such Customers, and such other service provider will
not be entitled to any of the Service Provider Net Receipts attributable
to Customers' use of your Offering. Any software or data installed in
ARM Templates through Extension scripts shall be deemed as part of the
Offering, even if it is obtained from external resource. You shall
provide relevant support thereto.
